1. Write a java method to print your name :)
2. Java method to print array elements.
3. Write a Java method to find the maximum of two numbers.
4. Create a method to calculate the factorial of a given number.
5. Implement a method to check if a number is prime or not.
6. Write a Java method to reverse a given string.
7. Develop a method to check if a string is a palindrome.
8. Create a method to calculate the sum of digits of a given number.
9. Implement a method to calculate the area of a circle given its radius.
10. Write a method to check if a year is a leap year.
11. Develop a method to generate Fibonacci series up to a given number of terms.
12. Write a Java method to find the GCD (Greatest Common Divisor) of two numbers.
13. Implement a method to convert temperature from Celsius to Fahrenheit.
14. Develop a method to count the occurrences of a specific character in a string.
15. Create a method to check if a given number is an Armstrong number.
16. Write a Java method to find the sum of all elements in an array.
17. Implement a method to find the largest element in an array.
18. Develop a method to sort an array of integers in ascending order.
19. Write a method to merge two arrays.
20. Create a method to find the average of elements in an array.
21. Java method to count the number of digits in a given number
22. Java method to reverse the digits of a given number
23. Java recursive method to print “hi” n times. 
24. Write a recursive Java method to calculate the factorial of a non-negative integer.
25. Implement a recursive Java method to calculate the nth Fibonacci number.
26. Write a recursive Java method to find the count the digits in a positive integer.
27. Write a recursive Java method to find the sum of digits of a positive integer.
28. Create a recursive Java method to calculate the power of a number (a^b).
29. Create a recursive Java method to compute the GCD (Greatest Common Divisor) of two integers.
30. Implement a recursive Java method to find the length of a given string

