1.Write a Java program to print 'Hello' on screen and your name on a separate line.
2. Write a Java program to print the sum of two numbers.
3. Write a Java program to divide two numbers and print them on the screen.
4. Write a Java program to print the sum (addition), multiply, subtract, divide, and remainder of two numbers.
5. Write a Java program that takes a number as input and prints its multiplication table up to 10.
6. Write a program to check if a given number is a multiple of 2 and 3.
7. Write a program to print the sum of all natural numbers up to a given number.
8. Write a Java program to print the area and perimeter of a rectangle.
9. Write a Java program to swap two variables.
10. Write a Java program to convert an integer number to a binary number.
11. Write a program that takes two integers as input and prints the larger one.
12. Write a program that takes a character as input and prints whether it is a vowel or a consonant.
13. Write a program that takes an integer as input and prints whether it is positive, negative, or zero.
14. Write a program that takes three integers as input and prints the largest one.
15. Write a program that takes a year as input and prints whether it is a leap year or not.
16. Write a program that takes an integer as input and prints whether it is even or odd.
17. Write a program that takes three integers as input and prints the smallest one.
18. Write a program that takes an integer as input and prints whether it is divisible by both 2 and 3.
19. Write a program that takes an integer as input and prints whether it is a multiple of 5.
20. Write a Java program to print the ASCII value of a given character.
21. Write a Java program to calculate the sum of two integers and return true if the sum is equal to a third 
integer.
22. Write a Java program that accepts three integers from the user. It returns true if the second number is 
higher than the first number and the third number is larger than the second number. If "abc" is true, the 
second number does not need to be larger than the first number.
23. Write a Java program that accepts three integers from the user and returns true if two or more of them 
(integers) have the same rightmost digit. The integers are non-negative.
Sample Output:
Input the first number: 5 
 Input the second number: 10 
Input the third number: 15 
The result is: true
24. Write a Java program to convert seconds to hours, minutes and seconds.
 Sample Output:
 Input seconds: 86399 
 23:59:59
25. Write a Java program to accept an integer and count the factors of the number.
26. Write a Java program to count the number of digits in a given integer.
27. Write a Java program to find the sum of digits of a given integer.
28. Write a Java program to find the product of digits of a given integer.
29. Write a Java program to reverse the digits of a given integer.
30. Write a Java program to check if a given integer is a palindrome number.
31. Write a Java program to find the largest digit in a given integer.
32. Write a Java program to find the smallest digit in a given integer.
33. Write a Java program to check if a given integer contains a specific digit.
34. Write a Java program to count the occurrences of a specific digit in a given integer.
35. Write a Java program to find the difference between the sum of even digits and the sum of odd digits in a 
given integer.
36. Write a Java program that accepts two integer values between 25 and 75 and returns true if there is a 
common digit in both numbers.
 Sample Output:
 Input the first number: 35 
 Input the second number: 45 
 Result: true
37. Write a Java program to generate the following pattern using nested for loops:
1 
1 2
1 2 3
1 2 3 4 
1 2 3 4 5
38. Write a Java program to compute the sum of the first 100 prime numbers.
Sample Output:
Sum of the first 100 prime numbers: 24133 
39. Write a Java program that accepts four integers from the user and prints equal if all four are equal, 
and not equal otherwise.
Sample Output: 
Input first number: 25
Input second number: 37
Input third number: 45
Input fourth number: 23
Numbers are not equal!
40. Write a Java program to find the GCD (Greatest Common Divisor) of two numbers.
41. Write a Java program to find the prime factors of a given number.
42. Write a Java program to check if a given number is an Armstrong number or not.
43. Write a Java program to check if a given number is an a buzz number or not.
A number is said to be Buzz Number if it ends with 7 or is divisible by 7. Example: 1007 is a Buzz Number.
44. Write a Java program to check if a given number is an a duck number or not.
A Duck number is a number which has zeroes present in it, but there should be no zero present in the 
beginning of the number. For example 3210.
45. Write a Java program to generate the following pattern using nested for loops:
*#*#*#*#*#*#
#*#*#*#*#*#*
*#*#*#*#*#*#
